---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/cg-oei-re/characters/np-cs/functional-np-cs/shenx/"}
---


### Backstory
Tto talk about Shenx we need to talk about [CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Marian](CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Marian.md)
[Nea](CΓÖíRE/Characters/Playable Characters/Nea.md) was born, and [CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Marian](CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Marian.md) went on a mission (his last mission). He took her, [Khan](CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Khan.md), and [Chou](CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Chou.md) (his friend) with him to finish up the mission. The mission was to basically put down a rebellion/rebel group (it was [TLH](CΓÖíRE/Locations/TLH.md)...)
[Clementine](CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Functional NPCs/Clementine.md)
Shenx. His parents were DEEPLY involved in [TLH](CΓÖíRE/Locations/TLH.md), and so was he. He was a fierce warrior even at like. Age ten. So of course he fought with them!
[CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Marian](CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Marian.md) was kind of giving up (this is the night he left with [Nea](CΓÖíRE/Characters/Playable Characters/Nea.md)) and [Khan](CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Khan.md) was super pissed off about it so he took his anger out on [TLH](CΓÖíRE/Locations/TLH.md).
[Khan](CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Khan.md) saw Shenx and was in such a hurry to just slaughter everyone, he just sliced off Shenx's legs assuming he'd already died /would die of blood loss.
Shenx did not die
So his whole mission is fueled by revenge to kill [Khan](CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Khan.md), and consequently [Pyrrhon](CΓÖíRE/Characters/Bosses/Pyrrhon.md)'s empire. He built his mech out of the remains of what was left in [TLH](CΓÖíRE/Locations/TLH.md) and the dead clones that his parents killed. And went to the underground..
People generally respected this 12 year old boy walking in with no legs and a mech doing all sorts of crazy shit. He met lots of good friends (one in particular named Sho) and managed to scrape together enough money and people to revive [TLH](CΓÖíRE/Locations/TLH.md). It's an underground operation still, but they do operate.
Tl;dr shenx is mad at [Khan](CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Khan.md) for cutting his legs off, revives a rebellion group out of spite

Shenx actually discovered [CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Marian](CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Marian.md) and [Khan](CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Khan.md) again through [Nea](CΓÖíRE/Characters/Playable Characters/Nea.md). I mean, [Nea](CΓÖíRE/Characters/Playable Characters/Nea.md) was [CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Marian](CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Marian.md)'s daughter that night. so he wasn't very pleased to find that out.
He found out when he went to the hotel inn. They're all legally required to have a small pond for religious folk to meditate (treaty with nomads from a past war requires it). Shenx used it to take showers so when [Nea](CΓÖíRE/Characters/Playable Characters/Nea.md) showed up like to actually USE it to meditate he felt really bad. He tried to say "oh this is how I meditate uh uh uh" and she honestly couldn't give less of a shit. They started talking about religion and [Nea](CΓÖíRE/Characters/Playable Characters/Nea.md) just stared at him like, "you're reallty bad at this". Anyway the conversation lead to his missing legs, and he discovered taht she was [CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Marian](CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Marian.md)'s daughter.
So she was almost stabbed that night if it weren't for [Gamma](CΓÖíRE/Characters/Playable Characters/Gamma.md). [Nea](CΓÖíRE/Characters/Playable Characters/Nea.md) agreed to bring [Khan](CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Khan.md) to [TLH](CΓÖíRE/Locations/TLH.md) for Shenx in return for safety and a place to stay.
This is a storyline that probably wont be canon, but I still have it.
[Khan](CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Khan.md) is bound to a chair. Shenx just takes his unconscious body outside to the forest for a week. No one can find or contact him at all. No one knows where the hell he actually is or if he's ever coming back.
Shenx kind of went on this.. psychotic breakdown on [Khan](CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Khan.md)?
[Khan](CΓÖíRE/Characters/NPCs/Lore Characters/Khan.md) is actually still alive, but he was BADLY injured. Shenx said he wanted to fight him to the death to show him what he had learned since the last time they met. Khan said "who the fuck are you? What's [TLH](CΓÖíRE/Locations/TLH.md)?" So his lungs were pierced.
Shenx is a bartender so he's like the therapist for everyone. so combine that with his own problems and issues, all bottled up...
They fought so much that they died up in [No Man's Land](CΓÖíRE/Locations/No Man's Land.md) which is entirely out of [Pyrrhon](CΓÖíRE/Characters/Bosses/Pyrrhon.md)'s control. Shenx almost pierced his heart, but purposefully missed. He just bascially tortured Khan out in the forest and left him there. Khan is still alive, but just barely. He is still up and kicking even post game.
Shenx just returns like nothing happened, but yk.. still shaken up about .. everything...
He crashed at [Constantine](CΓÖíRE/Characters/Playable Characters/Constantine.md)'s place first. He was covered in blood and crawling on the ground since his mech broke. He had the wide eyed bipolar schizophrenia look so [Constantine](CΓÖíRE/Characters/Playable Characters/Constantine.md) surprisingly calmly took him in and treated him. If it weren't for [Constantine](CΓÖíRE/Characters/Playable Characters/Constantine.md), Shenx might've died. Or at least be chronically ill.
This storyline isn't canon, but it exists Uhhhhmmm

## Personality 
He is a laid-back, smart and sweet talking bartender. He flirts with his regulars and cooks up a really good drink. However, it’s all a facade. He acts as everyone’s therapist and has trouble putting himself first. He’s genuinely intelligent and kind-hearted towards those he likes. However, Shenx is not trusting of anyone at all. He tends to fly into a violent rage when he gets mad, and, when pushed, can grow psychotically strong. Shenx is a very sweet man. He flirts with … everyone really often, and enjoys watching them squirm. He’s very easygoing, but is a bit mischievous. He tends to be selfish and will do things that benefit him first. He does not hesitate to use blackmail or manipulate others to his needs